--------------------------------------------
Overview - LGIPortal - Username-Password Authentication Module
--------------------------------------------

There are four kinds of files.
     1. php files - which a user directly requests to view
     2. dwoo templates - which a php file uses to generate html pages
     3. utilities - php functions used by php files for performing actions such as veryfying user login, session management etc.
     4. Configuration files - used by system administrator when deploying this application. Admin should specify config details in these files before deploying the application

     php files
     ----------
               index.php
                    contains the login form where user can enter login credentials
               login.php
                    gets username and password from index.php and verifies the credentials.
                    If it is a valid user, page is redirected to home.php. Otherwise it requests for relogin.
               home.php
                    It should have the functionalities for a logged in user. Currently it doesnot do anything, but displays a welcome message.
                    This page should have the options for submiting job, deleting job etc. These features are yet to be added.
               
                submit.php
                        for submitting job to the server.
                delete.php
                        For deleting job
                viewjob.php
                        For viewing details of job by giving job id
                listjobs.php
                        Lists all jobs in a particular project server

     dwoo templates
     --------------
               home_base.tpl
                    This is the basic template. It has a title,heading,menu,contents and footer. This template is to be used by the pages visible to user after he logs in such as home.php.
                    Those pages should only change the contents. This helps to keep same template for all pages. If you need to add more options or menus available to a user edit home_base.tpl and it will be available in all pages.
               home.tpl
                    template for home page. Used by home.php
               login.tpl
                    template for user login. Used by index.php
                    
               deletesuccess.tpl
                    Page to display when a job is successfully deleted
               submit.tpl
                    Template for the form, to submit a job
               delete.tpl
                    Template for the form to delete a job
               jobdetails.tpl
                    It displays details of a job.
               viewjob.tpl
                    Form for viewing job details.
               jobslist.tpl
                    List all jobs with some details.
               listjobs.tpl
                        Form for requesting to list all jobs
               submitsuccess.tpl
                        Template to see when a job is successfully submitted


     utilities
     ---------
                login_utilities.php
                        This file contains functions for user authentication
                session.php
                        This file contains functions for session management.
                error.php
                        This file contains functions for error reporting to users.
                data.php   
                        This file contains function to manage Dwoo Data. Common data used in all templates can be initialized here.
                jobs.php  
                        This file contains functions for jobs such as submitting,deleteing,view details etc. These functions are called by the main php files submit.php,delete.php, viewjob.php etc.

     
     Configuration files
     -------------------
               lgi.config.php
                    This file is located in /lgi. It contains configuration details for deploying this application. It is a php file. Hence all configuration details are specified as php variables. Currently it has only one data - DB_CONFIG_FILE. DB_CONFIG_FILE specifies the "full path" to a file which has database access details. The file specified by DB_CONFIG_FILE is to be in a protected area sicne it has database access detail.
               db.inc.php
                    This file contains the database access detail. This file can be renamed and can be anywhere in the system. The location of this file should be specified in lgi.config.php using DB_CONFIG_FILE. This file should be in a protected area where access is restricted. This file should be a php file. The database access details should be given in the following variables
                    $mysql_server
                    $mysql_user
                    $mysql_password
                    $mysql_dbname



The system implements a form based user login. The username and hashed passwords are stored in a MYSQL database. Now we use sha512 hashing with salt to store password. This can be easily changed. Username and password are compared against the data in database for authenticating a user. When a user is authenticated, a new session is created for that user. Further activities of user uses this session. Application expects an SSL connection between server and client.
There is also an option for http-digest authentication. In this case user details are also stored in database. But password is stored as plaintext.



------------------------
Overview lgijob 
------------------------

This serves as a library which has functions to submit,delete job etc. The functions use libcURL to communicate with the server and do the operations.
This has following classes
        Job
                - For submitting a job, deleting a job etc.
                - An instance of this class can be created with job specific details. The class has methods to submit,delete,view details and list all jobs.
        ServerResponse
                - A class to represent response from the server. The xml reponse from the server can be parsed to initialize the instance of this class. 
        Jobdetails
                - A class to represent details of a particular job. This class is used in ServerResponse. 
                
        Error   - Represents an error occured when requesting to the lgi server. 
        
        ErrorType - Acts as an enumeration for different types of error.
